because everything is music
with youtube friends, well, right now
I bring you the video of how to do the
marker that the other day them in another
video I showed them the good video look at
the first step what we have to do
It is to buy a marker around the
marker
is a proofreader I bought it right now
a stationery
even those of plastic
can squeeze good that already with this
we are going to
we are going to empty it there, I empty it and
on a surface that absorbs and good
what we are not going to remove that is not
a marble what is inside is like
a metal stick and that serves to make
always moving the paint or the
corrector or what they are going to put me
in this case I'm going to put paint
comex and chrome to hold the color well
like the mane type the first few times
I saw in youtube videos and the smart ones
grint cards
in the color chrome and the truth looks very
chida the first thing we have to do
as they are taught in the other video
we have to empty the paint
in some boat somewhere not what
we can put direct because then for the
gas and for all those things is not going to
power but good now I'm emptying
so that I can fill it and good
I'm going to empty it right now
here
water a bit because the truth where
good ink comes in more in the paint
in this case the hole is very small
that's why it dries and so much but good
joke is that between
First do not make the mistake that I made
first metals
the metal stick so that it moves
all the painting before that because if
they do not become real
and good what we do will put the
top with what we are going to paint
it's more or less like a slosher and
Well now let's see the
show this look
Drains more than the other that teaches
with flexo ink because flexo ink
like he did a little
not so liquid the chrome drains very
cool and the truth seems the strokes that
do marqueses kring yes yes we
it serves to make tags as you see it is a
bit complicated but I can
the material that I'm doing
right now it's a canvas
because you lived no longer no I can not
complain is a marker that cost me
four pesos or that corrector costs
four pesos you empty it and good you
you buy your boat with this right now
commerce is with 40 pesos but then
it's worth it because it's enough for you
fill a lot of times they look there
as in that text is increasing
as it was more controlled the ink and we
it drained so much
and it looks very cool but in other tags
as right now look there is all that
they can drain
is similar to what the king does
maybe if they want more fluids you
they can inflate big bucks
to chrome and it's going to be stiffer but
Well, I think that's enough with that
visit my facebook against gallardo and
Well, there I am going to stop to put more
yes
samples come out fire
and repeat again